hello unwanted welcome bags if you're
back another Troy a one point three
guide for you all today I'm gonna be
showing off planter boxes which are
gonna be sold from the Dryad so we go to
our Dryad here I'm actually gonna show
you we got all these planter boxes that
she's gonna sell for one silver and
basically they're available after
killing certain bosses so in this world
I've killed all the free heart of my
bosses so you can see them all here but
just to tell you real quick the day
bloom one after you kill the king slime
you can get de bloom after you kill the
queen bee you can get Moonglow after you
kill the eye of Cthulhu you can get
blink root after you kill Skeletron you
will be able to get Silverthorne and
water leaf and after you kill the brain
of cthulu
you'll get crimson or the eater of
worlds you'll get death weed I have
crimson in this one here it just all
depends on your world on that one there
and then after you kill the eater of
worlds you get the death weed planter
box so they each sell for one silver and
they actually work in really cool ways
and I'll fly over here I set some up for
us so the first thing I'll note is that
they do not automatically grow you know
if I plant a Silverthorne it's not
automatically going to grow Silverthorne
that is one thing that's thinks about it
I thought it might have so here's all of
the planter boxes here you're going to
have each one I believe this one is moon
low yes this is your moon glow planter
boxes this is day bloom this is water
leave here in the center this is your
death weed planter box here Silverthorne
is obviously the snowy looking one their
fire blossom is your bottom one here
and then your blink blink route one is
right here so the cool thing about this
what you might have already noticed
because I've been jumping around it is
that they don't need blocks so one it's
gonna look a lot nicer and it's actually
very accessible to make these I just put
it out of here so you can actually see
they act as platforms generally as you
can see it face like a platform and it's
on top of it so it actually makes it
really easy to also set it up you can
basically fly underneath them and just
drop down when you want to go to another
one so the setup of this is gonna help
out greatly if you want to create a farm
or anything also noted that just because
it's a Silverthorne planter box doesn't
mean that you can't plant any seed you
one you can plant any sea that you want
any type of these planter boxes they all
are just for show
generally what their names are and what
they look like but the cool thing about
the Silverthorne planter boxes here is
that if you play it up to seven of them
I believe it is seven it'll count the
biome that you plant them on as a snow
biome and snow creatures will actually
spawn and if it's raining it'll turn
into a blizzard and you can get golems
from it too if you're in hard mode so
that is actually an interesting fact
that it actually counts as a blocks and
it will cause snow creatures to spawn if
you plant it down there but definitely
really cool you can see if they act just
the same you can see you a mile in mine
are gonna get covered in weed I didn't
put any seeds in them I just set up the
boxes so you guys could see them but
definitely a really really cool again
you got here's what they look like when
you buy them you got death weed wine in
the water leaf it's gonna have the plant
sticking out of it but when you put it
down here as you see it's obviously not
going to do that course you could
connect them and that's a bit each one
of these is like 20 to 25 planter boxes
just so you know because each one is
this big each one is the size of a clay
pot obviously it's it's it's pretty tiny
so this is a lot of them connected
together here and actually connect them
and make them look real cool but
definitely I think pretty cool like I
said you get them after killing
Horrible Bosses you start unlocking more
and more their soul from the Dryad and
they definitely would help out a farming
system and I think be very useful in
expert mode of course because you're
definitely gonna need those potions and
you're gonna be using them all the time
so this will make it very easy hope you
all enjoyed this video if you didn't
leave a like and I'll see you all for
the next one thanks for watching
everyone goodbye